More expressive titles in the change log (Lombiq Technologies: OCORE-199) (#16773)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/releases/2.1.0.md

### External Authentication Feature

> #### External Authentication Logic Factored out from the Users Feature

Reviewer: Maybe move the `### External Authentication Feature` to a new section **Added Features**

```suggestion
#### External authentication logic has been separated from the Users feature.
```

Author: This is a title, so should be capitalized like titles, and it's not a sentence thus shouldn't end with punctuation.

Reviewer: fine. the suggestion was updated

- `UseScriptToSyncRoles` has been renamed to `ExternalLoginSettings.UseScriptToSyncProperties`.
- `SyncRolesScript` has been renamed to `ExternalLoginSettings.SyncPropertiesScript`.

!!! warning
    When updating recipes to configure `LoginSettings` or `RegistrationSettings`, ensure that the settings reflect the new class structure.

### User Registration Feature

> #### User Registration Feature Not Needed for External Authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### **User Registration** Feature No Longer Required for External Authentication
```

Author: Formatting with `**` won't show a difference in how the document site is rendered. Neither should we really try to change the formatting of titles one-off.

Reviewer: right because it's already highlighted. updated.

### Roles Feature

#### Roles Assignment Permissions Consolidated

In the Roles feature, there were previously `AssignRoles` and `AssignRole_{RoleName}` permissions, alongside the Users feature's `AssignRoleToUsers` and `AssignRoleToUsers_{RoleName}` permissions. As these permissions were redundant and the `AssignRoles` permissions were never actually authorized against, `AssignRoles` and `AssignRole_{RoleName}` have been removed in favor of the latter.

!!! warning
    Please review all your recipes and replace occurrences of `AssignRoles` with `AssignRoleToUsers`, and `AssignRole_{RoleName}` with `AssignRoleToUsers_{RoleName}`.

> ### Azure Communication Services SMS Feature
> 
> #### New Azure Communication Services SMS Feature

Reviewer: Also move this section to the bottom of the file after line 77. This way we can highlight new features away from change logs.

```suggestion

## Added Features

### Azure Communication Services SMS Feature

#### New **Azure Communication Services SMS** Feature
```

Author: If we have an "Added Features" section, then having at least two levels for each feature is redundant, so I added it without it. See my note about formatting titles above.

### Azure Communication Services Email Feature

#### Azure Communication Services Email Feature Name Update

The feature formerly known as **Azure Email Provider** has been renamed to **Azure Communication Services Email** to clarify that it uses ACS, and to use the same naming pattern as the ACS SMS feature (see above).

Additionally, the configuration provider key for the default provider has changed from `OrchardCore_Email_Azure` to `OrchardCore_Email_AzureCommunicationServices`. While the old key (`OrchardCore_Email_Azure`) will continue to bind for backward compatibility, it is scheduled for removal in the next major release. To ensure future compatibility, it is highly recommended to update your configuration to use the new key.

## Added Features

### Azure Communication Services SMS Feature

A new feature was added to allow you to send SMS messages using Azure Communication Services (ACS). Simply enable it then navigate to the admin dashboard > `Configurations` >> `Settings` >> `SMS` to configure the provider. For more information you can refer to the [docs](../reference/modules/Sms.Azure/README.md).

### External Authentication Feature

> The new **External Authentication** feature contains common functionality used by multiple external (i.e. non-local) authentication providers (like Microsoft or Google login). See [above](#external-authentication-logic-has-been-separated-from-the-users-feature) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new **External Authentication** feature contains common functionality used by multiple external (i.e. non-local) authentication providers (like Microsoft or Google login). See [above](#external-authentication-logic-has-been-separated-from-the-users-feature) for details.

```
